Add documentation about simulators (#1545)
quantumlib/Cirq: docs/simulation.md

## Simulation

> Cirq comes with built in Python simulators for testing out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cirq comes with built in Python simulators for testing
```

small circuits.  The two main types of simulations that Cirq

> supports are pure state simulators and mixed state simulators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supports are pure state and mixed state.
```

For pure state simulations there are two variations of simulators.
One of these pure state simulators works for generic
gates that implement their unitary matrix: ``cirq.Simulator``.
The other simulator is customized for the native gate set
of Google's Xmon hardware ``cirq.google.XmonSimulator``.
This later simulator can shard its simulation  across
different processes/threads and so take advantage of
multiple cores/CPUs.  Depending on your local computer
architecture one or the other of these may be faster, but
we recommend starting with ``cirq.Simulator``.  Mixed state
simulators are supported by ``cirq.DensityMatrixSimulator``.

In general the name *pure state simulator* and *mixed state
simulators* refers to the fact that these simulations are

> for quantum circuits, including unitary, measurements, and noise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for quantum circuits; including unitary, measurements, and noise
```

> for quantum circuits, including unitary, measurements, and noise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for quantum circuits; including unitary, measurements, and noise
```

> for quantum circuits, including unitary, measurements, and noise

Reviewer: Something about "including unitary" is a bit off to me. Is this saying that these simulators simulate unitary gates?

> that keeps the evolution in a pure state or a mixed state,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that keeps the evolution in a pure state or a mixed state.
```

> respectively. In other words, there are some noisy evolutions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In other words, there are some noisy evolutions
```

> that are supported by the pure state simulator, as long as they

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that are supported by the pure state simulator as long as they
```

> that keeps the evolution in a pure state or a mixed state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that keeps the evolution in a pure or mixed state.
```

will be set lie entirely in the computation basis state
for the binary expansion of the passed integer.

### Monte Carlo simulations of noise

Some [noise](noise.md) models can be thought of as randomly
applying unitary evolutions with different probabilities. Such
noise models are amenable to Monte Carlo simulation. An example
of such a noise model is the bit flip channel. This channel
randomly applied either does nothing (identity) or applies
a Pauli `cirq.X` gate:

![Bit flip channel: $\rho \rightarrow (1-p) \rho + p X \rho X$](resources/BitFlipChannelDef.gif)

Lets see a use of this in a simulator
```python
q = cirq.NamedQubit('a')
circuit = cirq.Circuit.from_ops(cirq.bit_flip(p=0.2)(q), cirq.measure(q))
simulator = cirq.Simulator()
result = simulator.run(circuit, repetitions=100)
print(result.histogram(key='a'))
# prints something like
# Counter({1: 17, 0: 83})
```

> Here we see that, as expected about 20 percent of the time the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As expected, the bit is flipped about 20 percent of the time.
```

> bit is flipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

hurt because processes have a fixed (large) cost in Python.
This is the minimum number of qubits that are needed before the
simulator starts to do sharding. By default this is 10.

### Mixed state simulations

In addition to pure state simulation, Cirq also supports
simulation of mixed states. Even though this simulator is not
as efficient as the pure state simulators, they allow
for a larger class of noisy circuits to be run as well as
keeping track of the simulation's density matrix. This
later fact can allow for more exact simulations (for example
the pure state simulator's Monte Carlo simulation only

> allows  sampling from the density matrix, not explicitly giving

Reviewer: Intentional?
```suggestion
allows sampling from the density matrix, not explicitly giving
```

hurt because processes have a fixed (large) cost in Python.
This is the minimum number of qubits that are needed before the
simulator starts to do sharding. By default this is 10.

### Mixed state simulations

In addition to pure state simulation, Cirq also supports

> simulation of mixed states. The simulator for this is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
simulation of mixed states. Even though this simulator is not
```

> as efficient as the pure state simulators, but they allow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as efficient as the pure state simulators, they allow
```

> for a larger class of noisy circuits to be run, as well as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for a larger class of noisy circuits to be run as well as
```

> keeping track of the density matrix of the simulation. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
keeping track of the simulation's density matrix. This
```

later fact can allow for more exact simulations (for example
the pure state simulator's Monte Carlo simulation only
allows  sampling from the density matrix, not explicitly giving
the entries of the density matrix like the mixed state simulator

> can do). Mixed state simulation is supported by by the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can do). Mixed state simulation is supported by the
```

``cirq.DensityMatrixSimulator`` class.

Here is a simple example of simulating a channel using the
mixed state simulator
```python
q = cirq.NamedQubit('a')
circuit = cirq.Circuit.from_ops(cirq.H(q), cirq.amplitude_damp(0.2)(q), cirq.measure(q))
simulator = cirq.DensityMatrixSimulator()
result = simulator.run(circuit, repetitions=100)
print(result.histogram(key='a'))
# prints something like
# Counter({0: 61, 1: 39})
```

> Here we create a state in an equal superposition of 0 and 1,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We create a state in an equal superposition of 0 and 1
```

> and then apply amplitude damping which takes 1 to 0 with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then apply amplitude damping which takes 1 to 0 with
```

something like a probability of 0.2. We see that instead of
about 50 percent of the timing being in 0, about 20 percent
of the 1 has been converted into 0, so we end up with total
around 60 percent in the 0 state.

Like the pure state simulators, the mixed state simulator

> supports ``run`` and ``run_sweeps`` methods. In addition the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supports ``run`` and ``run_sweeps`` methods. The
```

``cirq.DensityMatrixSimulator`` also supports getting access
to the density matrix of the circuit at the end of simulating
the circuit, or when stepping through the circuit.  These are
done by the ``simulate`` and ``simulate_sweep`` methods, or,
for stepping through the circuit, via the ``simulate_moment_steps``

> method.   For example we can simulate creating an equal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
method.   For example, we can simulate creating an equal
```

superposition followed by an amplitude damping channel with a
gamma of 0.2 by
```
q = cirq.NamedQubit('a')
circuit = cirq.Circuit.from_ops(cirq.H(q), cirq.amplitude_damp(0.2)(q))
simulator = cirq.DensityMatrixSimulator()
result = simulator.simulate(circuit)
print(np.around(result.final_density_matrix, 3))
# prints
# [[0.6  +0.j 0.447+0.j]
#  [0.447+0.j 0.4  +0.j]]
```

> Here we see that we have access to the density matrix at the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We see that we have access to the density matrix at the
```
